README.md, before:

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue/v/unstable)](https://packagist.org/packages/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue)
[![Monthly Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue/d/monthly)](https://packagist.org/packages/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue)
[![Daily Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue/d/daily)](https://packagist.org/packages/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue)

# Laravel Localization To Vue/JSON

This package collects all localizations from resources/lang directory and it's sub-directories and converts them to plain array  
which can later be converted to JSON object and used with libraries like Vue, Angular, etc.

## Installing

Just require this package with composer.

```
composer require kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue
```

### Laravel 5.5+

Laravel 5.5 uses Package Auto-Discovery, so doesn't require you to manually add the ServiceProvider.

If you don't use auto-discovery, add the ServiceProvider to the providers array in config/app.php
``` 
KgBot\LaravelLocalization\LaravelLocalizationServiceProvider::class
```

and if you want alias add this inside aliases array in config/app.php
```
"ExportLocalization" => "KgBot\\LaravelLocalization\\Facades\\ExportLocalizations"
```

## Settings and configuration

You can export config by running 

```
php artisan vendor:publish --provider=KgBot\LaravelLocalization\LaravelLocalizationServiceProvider --tag=config
```

# Usage

This package can be used in multiple ways, I'll give examples for some of them, but there's really no limitation.

First example would be to add view composed variable and use it in blade views.

```
// inside ServiceProvider

// With alias
use ExportLocalization;

// Without alias
use KgBot\LaravelLocalization\Facades\ExportLocalizations as LaravelLocalization;


View::composer( 'view.file', function ( $view ) {

    return $view->with( [
        'messages' => ExportLocalization::export()->toArray(),
    ] );
} );
```

Second way would be to request it over HTTP just like any other file

```
<script>
let messages = axios.get('http://localhost/js/lang.js') // This is default route which can be changed in config
</script>
```

## Some examples why would you use this package and messages over Laravel standard localization

```
// Inside blade view
<script>
    window.default_locale = "{{ config('app.lang') }}";
    window.fallback_locale = "{{ config('app.fallback_locale') }}";
    window.messages = @json($messages);
</script>

// And optionaly you can then use it in any JavaScript file or Vue.js component

// app.js
import Vue from 'vue';
import Lang from 'lang.js';

const default_locale = window.default_language;
const fallback_locale = window.fallback_locale;
const messages = window.messages;

Vue.prototype.trans = new Lang( { messages, locale: default_locale, fallback: fallback_locale } );

// Example.vue
<b-input v-model="query"
                 type="text"
                 :placeholder="trans.get('search.placeholder')"></b-input>
``` 

## Routing

This package exposes one route `http://localhost/js/lang.js` by default but you can change the prefix to anything you whish in config file.  

You can also have a nice route name for blade templates or any other route calls, it's `route('assets.lang')` by default but it's customizable by config/environment file.

## Proposals, comments, feedback

Everything of this is highly welcome and appreciated

## To-Do

+ Create exclude configuration so not files/directories are collected

Anything else you can think of please leave me comments, mail me, create issue, whatever you prefer.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

Commit message:

Updated README with new artisan command example

README.md, after:

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue/v/unstable)](https://packagist.org/packages/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue)
[![Monthly Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue/d/monthly)](https://packagist.org/packages/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue)
[![Daily Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue/d/daily)](https://packagist.org/packages/kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue)

# Laravel Localization To Vue/JSON

This package collects all localizations from resources/lang directory and it's sub-directories and converts them to plain array  
which can later be converted to JSON object and used with libraries like Vue, Angular, etc.

## Installing

Just require this package with composer.

```
composer require kg-bot/laravel-localization-to-vue
```

### Laravel 5.5+

Laravel 5.5 uses Package Auto-Discovery, so doesn't require you to manually add the ServiceProvider.

If you don't use auto-discovery, add the ServiceProvider to the providers array in config/app.php
``` 
KgBot\LaravelLocalization\LaravelLocalizationServiceProvider::class
```

and if you want alias add this inside aliases array in config/app.php
```
"ExportLocalization" => "KgBot\\LaravelLocalization\\Facades\\ExportLocalizations"
```

## Settings and configuration

You can export config by running 

```
php artisan vendor:publish --provider=KgBot\LaravelLocalization\LaravelLocalizationServiceProvider --tag=config
```

# Usage

This package can be used in multiple ways, I'll give examples for some of them, but there's really no limitation.

First example would be to add view composed variable and use it in blade views.

```
// inside ServiceProvider

// With alias
use ExportLocalization;

// Without alias
use KgBot\LaravelLocalization\Facades\ExportLocalizations as LaravelLocalization;


View::composer( 'view.file', function ( $view ) {

    return $view->with( [
        'messages' => ExportLocalization::export()->toArray(),
    ] );
} );
```

Second way would be to request it over HTTP just like any other file

```
<script>
let messages = axios.get('http://localhost/js/lang.js') // This is default route which can be changed in config
</script>
```

You can also export messages to ECMAScript 6 standard JavaScript module with artisan command
```` php artisan export:messages ````

## Some examples why would you use this package and messages over Laravel standard localization

```
// Inside blade view
<script>
    window.default_locale = "{{ config('app.lang') }}";
    window.fallback_locale = "{{ config('app.fallback_locale') }}";
    window.messages = @json($messages);
</script>

// And optionaly you can then use it in any JavaScript file or Vue.js component

// app.js
import Vue from 'vue';
import Lang from 'lang.js';

const default_locale = window.default_language;
const fallback_locale = window.fallback_locale;
const messages = window.messages;

Vue.prototype.trans = new Lang( { messages, locale: default_locale, fallback: fallback_locale } );

// Example.vue
<b-input v-model="query"
                 type="text"
                 :placeholder="trans.get('search.placeholder')"></b-input>
``` 

## Routing

This package exposes one route `http://localhost/js/lang.js` by default but you can change the prefix to anything you whish in config file.  

You can also have a nice route name for blade templates or any other route calls, it's `route('assets.lang')` by default but it's customizable by config/environment file.

## Proposals, comments, feedback

Everything of this is highly welcome and appreciated

## To-Do

+ Create exclude configuration so not files/directories are collected

Anything else you can think of please leave me comments, mail me, create issue, whatever you prefer.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details
